1.Object class available in the java.lang package.
2.its a concrete class.
3.super class to all the classes.
4.it is containing only no arg constructor, in that super statement is not available
  because there is no super class to the object class.
5.object class contains 9 methods
  1.public string toString()
  2.public boolean equals(Object obj)
  3.public int hashCode()
  4.protected void finalise() throws Throwable
  5.protected void clone() throws CloneNotSupportedException
  6.public Class getClass()
  7.public void wait() throws InterruptedException
  8.public void notify()
  9.public void notifyAll()
6.object class contains finalize method for garbage collection. 
7.for one class we can create any no. of objects.evey class and object contains finalize method.
8.if a object has min. one reference variable that object is called live object or
  reachable object. if it doesnt its called abondened or dead object.
9.all abondened objects are eligible for garbage collection.
10.garbage collector removing abondened objects by calling finalize method.
11.garbage collector doesnt remove as soon as the object is abondoned.
12.garbage collector once in a while going to heap memory scanning the entire heap memory
   if its found any finalize method calls finlalize and removes that object.
13.cant predict the time of removing object by the garbage collector.
14.we can call garbage collector explicitly by 
15.on any object finalize method calling by finalize method only one time.
16.while calling finalize method object might get reference variable.
17.resuructed object.
18.on resuructed object finalize method will not be calling.
19.javap command used to retrieve all the methods are belonging to a class.
20.cloanble is marker interface.
21.by default object is not clonable.
22.interface without any members is a marker interface.
23.clonable is a one of the marker interface.
24.marker interfaces are only for providing a mark not the functionality.
25.clone method is protected should be called inside the inherited class.